(Astral)
Something strange and incredible
is happening in the human world.
I sensed it when the 107th
Number appeared.
And when I saw the two
Galaxy-Eyes facing each other,
I was sure of it.
As the battle unfolded, my
suspicion grew even stronger
when our opponent Mizar revealed
his true Barian form.
I am afraid this can
only mean one thing...
the Barians are
about to make a critical move!
I can sense that Yuma is just as
anxious and confused as I am.
The Sphere Field used against
us is extremely powerful.
I believe it affects
not just the body,
but the mind and
spirit as well.
The damage it inflicted
was so intense,
I needed to retreat inside
the Golden Key to recover.
Yuma is worried about me;
I can sense that his confidence
has been shaken.
This is a dangerous moment.
Our foes are growing stronger.
Yuma wants to protect me,
but if he is too cautious,
he will not have the ability
to defeat the Barians.
(Yuma) Astral!
You depend on me
and I let you down.
I'm sorry.
From now on, I promise
I'll be more careful.
♪ Still together as one 'cause
divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today
you'll just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
till the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together
regretting never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever our
light comes shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep beat defeat
do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever
we've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing believing
halfway to forever ♪ ♪
I knew you were irresponsible,
but even I never thought you
could be so reckless
that you landed
yourself in the hospital.
And not just you,
but your friend too.
What's his name again,
uh, Reginald?
You could've been badly hurt!
The doctor says neither of you
has any serious injuries,
so you can
count yourselves lucky.
Still, that doesn't excuse
your foolish behavior.
Excuse me, my brother
is trying to rest,
so I'd appreciate it if you
could keep it down in here.
Of course, sorry.
Yuma, I have to go to work, so
stay in bed and out of trouble.
Got that?
All right.
Yuma, your sister
could strike fear
into the heart of
a grizzly bear.
You two certainly are
different from each other.
Yeah, she's a lot more
serious than you are.
Taller too!
Hey guys, keep it down
or we're gonna wake up Shark!
I forgot!
That's okay.
Shark's awake.
(all) Huh?
I said that he was resting,
not sleeping.
I did it because
I thought it might help
calm Yuma's sister down,
and it sure seemed to work.
Rio, close that curtain.
Huh? But why?
Because with
the curtain closed,
it's easier to forget that
I'm rooming with a wimp.
Ugh.
What is wrong with him?
You look weak.
Have I worn you down?
If you need a break, I'd be
happy to give it to you!
Attack with Tachyon
Spiral of Destruction!
It was a dream.
It's okay.
Calm down.
You're letting your fear
take complete control of you,
even in your sleep!
I can't take anymore!
Snap out of it already!
I mean it, Yuma.
Quiet down!
Do you loudmouths have any idea
what time it is?!
Don't you understand, Kite?
Your friend's in the hospital.
You should go visit him.
All right.
You may not think this is
important, but I do.
Wait, Hart.
Where are you going?
I'm going to see Yuma,
of course.
Master K-K-Kite!
I ch-checked the hospital's
visiting hours.
You should
leave s-s-soon.
But I hope you're not expecting
me to pop-pop-pop in on that
pitiful little pest!
I knew you'd go, Kite!
I'm glad Yuma's out
getting a checkup.
At least he won't be able
to annoy me for a while.
Hey, what's this about?
(Shark)
"Yuma, I've taken
your little necklace.
If you want it back, then you'll
have to duel me for it.
I'll be waiting
for you on the roof."
You showed up...
Good.
What's the point
of doing this, Shark?
Why did you take my Golden Key?
That's not important, Yuma.
All that matters now
is that I have it,
and you're never going to
get it back unless you beat me.
Let's go!
You better be at
the top of your game, Yuma.
'Cause I can promise you
that in this duel,
I won't hold back!
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality
Vision Link established.
(both) Let's duel!
Yuma...
It's my move!
I'm putting a monster card
facedown in defense mode.
(Yuma)
I don't wanna
take any chances.
It's a good thing I have
Gogogo Golem on the field
to protect me.
You can take it
from here, Shark.
That's it?
Only one lousy move?
You're not trying to win;
you're just scared of losing!
There's nothing wrong with
playing it safe, Shark.
I can't believe
how pathetic you've become.
Here!
Without Astral to help you,
you're no threat at all,
so team up with him
if you have to.
It's my move.
What's wrong?
Astral isn't coming
to save you?
Looks like he's finally
realized what a loser you are!
First, I'll activate my
spell card Fish Spawn!
If I give up
a thousand life points,
this spell lets me summon
two Fish Spawn Tokens.
But I'm going to tribute
both of them immediately
because then I can summon a
Level Nine monster... Big Whale!
When it surfaces, any face-down
monsters in defense mode
are blown face-up.
Unlike your meek strategy,
I'm going big and bold, Yuma!
There's more, 'cause Big Whale's
special ability will let me
summon one Water Attribute
monster from my hand
if it's Level Four or less!
Burst onto the scene,
Drill Barnacle!
Next I'll activate
my Tri-Slice spell!
By sending Big Whale
to the graveyard,
I can summon a trio
of Water Attribute monsters
just as long as their Levels
are a third of Big Whale's!
I hope you like Starfish
'cause here come three of 'em!
What are you up to?
You're about
to find out, loser!
I overlay two Level
Three Starfish
and I'll use them both
to build the Overlay Network!
See where this is going?
I Xyz Summon!
Submersible Carrier Aero Shark!
And next up, I'm overlaying
Drill Barnacle
and my last Starfish!
Not another Xyz Summon?
That's right, Yuma.
I'm Xyz Summoning the champion
of darkness and devastation,
Black Ray Lancer!
Great... One Xyz monster's
bad enough,
but now I have to
go up against two of 'em!
You got that right!
I activate Aero Shark's
special ability.
So all I have to do is use an
Overlay Unit and you'll take
400 points of damage
for each card in my hand.
I happen to have two.
Go Torpedo Takedown!
Now I activate Black Ray
Lancer's ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
your Golem's special abilities
are negated this turn!
Paralyzing Lance!
This is what
"playing it safe" gets you.
Quick, Aero Shark!
Destroy that Golem
with Devouring Dive!
Nothing can protect you
if I attack now, Yuma!
Black Ray Lancer,
attack Yuma directly!
Shimmering Spear Slash!
You've taken enough punishment
for one turn.
It's your move.
Come on, get up on your feet.
Or is this duel
too much for you!?
No, it's not!
(Yuma)
I have to take on
two Xyz monsters.
But since my only monster
was destroyed,
I'm starting from scratch.
I'll go big this time!
I'm summoning Gogogo Giant
in attack mode!
All right, you're
starting to put up a fight.
(Yuma)
Gogogo Giant has
2000 attack points.
It's powerful enough to take
down Aero Shark,
but it's definitely not strong
enough to beat
Black Ray Lancer.
In that case...
I'd better use
its special ability!
Since I summoned Gogogo Giant,
I can also summon Gogogo Golem
from my graveyard
in defense mode.
Once that ability's used,
I have to switch Gogogo Giant
into defense mode, too.
I'll follow that up by
activating my spell card
Gogogo Talisman!
It'll keep my Gogogo monsters
out of danger.
It protects them from being
destroyed once per battle.
And for extra safety,
whenever I have two or more
Gogogo monsters, effects
can't damage me either!
I can't deal any damage
this turn...
but at least
I'll be well-shielded from
your Aero Shark's torpedoes!
With that, I'll end my turn.
Those moves won't save you!
Nothing will, because you're
a miserable coward!
You'll never win another duel,
'cause you're letting
your fears rule you!
Those moves won't save you!
Nothing will because you're
a miserable coward!
You'll never win another duel,
'cause you're
letting your fears rule you!
(Astral)
Yuma, you must understand.
The enemies we are about to face
are more powerful than any
we have known before.
You must be ready for the
challenge, but the strength you
need for what lies ahead can
only be found within you.
Time to crush you!
I draw!
I'll start this turn by
summoning Panther Shark!
When you have at least two
monsters on the field,
I can summon this card
without having to tribute
another monster!
Yeah, let it roar,
Panther Shark!
In fact, this whole field is
about to be shark-infested,
because once I
summon Panther Shark,
I can also summon Eagle
Shark from my hand.
I overlay my Level Five
Panther Shark and Eagle Shark
in order to build the Overlay
Network and Xyz Summon.
Now I can bring forth
the most fearsome stronghold
in the seas...
Shark Fortress!
That gives him three Xyz
monsters on his field!
And it's gonna get worse, Yuma!
Because I'm bulking up
Black Ray Lancer
with the equip spell Sharkify!
When it's equipped
with this card,
my Lancer
becomes a Shark monster.
Plus it gets stronger by
400 attack points!
Next, I'm going to use an
Overlay Unit to activate
Black Shark Lancer's
special ability!
Which means it can now negate
your GOLEM's abilities!
Coward, you deserve everything
that's about to happen to you!
Now Aero Shark,
dive at Gogogo Giant
and eliminate it!
I activate my Gogogo
Talisman's effect.
Once per turn, this spell can
stop a monster from being
destroyed in battle!
So what!?
I'll just attack again!
Black Shark Lancer,
bring down that Giant!
But I'm not finished yet!
Shark Fortress, blast
Gogogo Golem into dust!
My Talisman will negate
that Shark!
I survived all three attacks.
I'm not done!
Didn't I say
I wouldn't hold back!?
I set all this up as
part of my strategy.
By using an Overlay Unit,
Shark Fortress' special ability
gives one of my other Shark
monsters an extra attack.
So I'm coming after you
with Aero Shark!
Shark Fortress, arm Aero Shark
with one of your mighty
Mayhem Missiles!
Your target
will be Gogogo Golem!
Launch missile!
And since you don't have any
Gogogo monsters on your field,
you can say goodbye
to your Talisman!
You're defenseless now!
Once again, I activate my
Fortress' special ability.
I'll use an Overlay Unit to
give one of my Shark monsters
an additional attack.
You're up this time,
Black Shark Lancer.
Arm yourself!
Black Shark Lancer, prepare
to attack Yuma directly!
Fire on my command!
Black Shark Lancer, prepare
to attack Yuma directly!
Fire on my command!
(Yuma)
This is like having the same
bad dream over and over.
I'm gonna lose the duel
and there's nothing I can do.
It's just like my battle
with Mizar.
I couldn't protect Astral then
and now I can't even
protect myself!
No matter how hard I try,
I can't keep from losing.
Maybe Shark is right; I have
been playing it too safe.
All this time I've been so
scared of losing,
that I've stopped
really trying to win.
I have to stop hiding
behind my cards.
I wanna try to
high-five the sky again,
together with Astral!
(Astral)
That is exactly
what I have been
waiting to hear you say, Yuma.
I thought I'd
never see you again.
We are a team, Yuma, but
we cannot be effective
unless we duel without fear.
If we battle boldly, we truly
can high-five the sky!
Now summon Gagaga Gardna!
Yeah, he's right.
I summon Gagaga Gardna
from my hand!
It's lucky you're
attacking me directly, Shark,
'cause that lets me summon
Gardna in attack mode!
And by discarding
one card from my hand,
this monster can't be
destroyed in battle!
Your Gardna won't be destroyed,
but you'll still take
major damage, Yuma!
And with that, I end my turn.
You can still win.
Yeah.
I know my chances
don't look too good,
but when we're working
as a team,
nothing can ever stop us.
Exactly.
Then let's go!
Yes!
You now have everything
you need to win.
Right.
I'm summoning Ganbara Knight!
Next up, I'm overlaying
my Level Four Gagaga Gardna
and Ganbara Knight!
With these two monsters
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Heroic
Champion... Excalibur!
That's more like it!
I'll follow that up
by equipping
Magnum Shield on Excalibur!
Thanks to this shield,
Excalibur's defense points
are added to its attack points.
Only 4,000 points?
Please.
That's clearly not
enough to win this duel.
Okay Excalibur, use your
special ability!
When it uses all
its Overlay Units,
Excalibur doubles its
attack points during battle!
Do it now, Yuma!
Watch out, 'cause I'm
feelin' the flow!
Excalibur, demolish
that Shark Fortress!
Shock Sword Slash!
Mission accomplished!
Oh no, Shark!
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Thank you.
Your challenge was exactly
what Yuma needed.
You helped him to
regain his fighting spirit.
I am grateful.
Hey, don't thank me.
I only challenged Yuma
'cause he annoyed me.
And yet, you clearly tried to
help Yuma overcome his fear.
No, that's ridiculous!
Shark, thank you.
You're a true friend.
Look, don't get all
emotional or else.
You've annoyed me
enough for one day.
But I...
(Astral) Observation Number 22:
Humans express their friendship
in many different ways.
Some do it quite loudly,
while others speak volumes
with their silence.
(Shark)
...totally
make that happen!
(Yuma)
Aw, come on, Shark,
don't be like that.
Come here, let's hug it out.
Get away from me.
I mean it, you're
gonna ruin my threads!
I prefer the latter.
Ruin your threads,
you can't ruin Polyester.
Did you say Polyester?